README.md, before:

# GitHub Stars Viewer

## Getting Started

You have two options to start app. You can use it locally or with Docker.
If you are running app locally, first install dependencies:

```bash
npm ci
```

Then you can start app in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

If you want to use docker (production build), you can run proper command:

```bash
npm run docker-start
```

App will be also available on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## App in production

To run production version locally, run:

```bash
npm run build && npm run start
```

Docker automatically serves build in production mode.

## Running unit / integration tests

To run test, type:

```bash
npm run test
```

To check coverage, type:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

## About project

Project uses following structure (in `src` directory):

- `/components` - for components shared across application
- `/config` - for keeping various configs in one place
- `/generated` - autogenerated types and hooks by GraphQL Codegen
- `/mocks` - mocks related to domain
- `/modules/` - place for code releated to domains
- `/pages` - pages available in project (we have 1)

Each module (we have one, at least for now) uses following structure:

- `/components` - for components related to specific domain
- `/graphql` - for GQL queries
- `/hooks` - for logic
- `/utils` - for helpers and utilities
- `constants` - for static values related to domain
- `types` - for custom types related to domain

## Developer Experience and Code Quality

To improve DX and code quality, project uses:

- eslint
- prettier
- husky
- list-staged

Commit message:

feat: Added e2e tests; Aded e2e tests check in Docker; Updated dockerfile

README.md, after:

# GitHub Stars Viewer

## Getting Started

You have two options to start app. You can use it locally or with Docker.
If you are running app locally, first install dependencies:

```bash
npm ci
```

Then you can start app in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

If you want to use docker (production build), you can run proper command:

```bash
npm run docker-start
```

App will be also available on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## App in production

To run production version locally, run:

```bash
npm run build && npm run start
```

Docker automatically serves build in production mode but runs unit/integration tests and e2e tests - if at least one of them fail, image won't be created.

## Running unit / integration tests

To run test, type:

```bash
npm run test
```

To check coverage, type:

```bash
npm run test:coverage
```

## Running e2e tests

To run e2e tests with visual helper, type:

```bash
npm run cypress
```

To run e2e tests in headless mode, run:

```bash
npm run cypress:headless
```

## About project

Project uses following structure (in `src` directory):

- `/components` - for components shared across application
- `/config` - for keeping various configs in one place
- `/generated` - autogenerated types and hooks by GraphQL Codegen
- `/mocks` - mocks related to domain
- `/modules/` - place for code releated to domains
- `/pages` - pages available in project (we have 1)

Each module (we have one, at least for now) uses following structure:

- `/components` - for components related to specific domain
- `/graphql` - for GQL queries
- `/hooks` - for logic
- `/utils` - for helpers and utilities
- `constants` - for static values related to domain
- `types` - for custom types related to domain

## Developer Experience and Code Quality

To improve DX and code quality, project uses:

- eslint
- prettier
- husky
- list-staged
